hey guys so today when you have the
video over here but we do have some some
sauces on Red Bull well a whole package
I don't think I'm going to use all of
them because that feels like that would
be retarded so I'm not going to use all
of them but we have some red Bull will
you Hansen is pretty compact which is
like a budget variant of the obvious on
busy one phone and it's a great little
device with a better display also better
viewing angles it's pretty nice
so like let's do this shall we
so first of all we just need to open
this one up
wow that's nice
Oh another one great oh you can stack
him u-kiss stack them on top up in the
shot off Wow
so they are the order like 250
mililiters only 250 mililiters okay
great Jesse we can get this phone loaded
up and just make sure you don't do this
at home you don't want to do this at
home because you don't have to so let's
take it down like this you can see that
it kind of what yay
what is going on
okay apparently it's you wanna play a
game
you wanna play a little game but I'm not
really sure if I want that
just try another one again only go
whoa
control yourself
so you can definitely play around with
games and very stuff on your phone of
course then of course if you want to
clean off your phone after you load it
up with some red ball you can always do
that
yeah using some water and office play
here a little bit see start to miss it
again so pretty awesome
wait that's some red ball for you guys
yeah